feat: add ability to specify feature policies (#1016)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: packages/mc-html-template/README.md

This method will attempt to load and parse the `env.json` file, performing some validation and returning the parsed JSON.

#### `loadHeaders(env: Object, { headersPath: String, cspPath?: String }): Object`

This method will return the security headers to be used on the server response, serving the `index.html`.

The `env` argument, is the parsed `env.json` file (see `loadEnv`).

Optionally, you can pass the path to a `headers.json` that contains custom CSP and feature directives such as:

```json
{
  "csp": {
    "script-src": ["storage.googleapis.com/my-bucket-path/"]
  },
  "featurePolicies": {
    "microphone": "none"
  }
}
```

> The `cspPath` has been deprecated in favour of the `headerpath option. To migrate away from the`cspPath`please use the`headerPath`while moving the contents of a e.g.`csp.json`into e.g. a`headers.json`behind a`csp`property while passing`headerPath`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cspPath` has been **deprecated** in favour of the `headerpath` option. You can migrate to the new option by creating a `headers.json` (previously `csp.json`) and assigning the content of the `csp.json` into the `csp` field in the `headers.json` file.
```

This method will attempt to load and parse the `env.json` file, performing some validation and returning the parsed JSON.

> #### `loadHeaders(env: Object, { headersPath: String }): Object`

Author: Sure. Was this sort of what you had in mind? 2135c3c1498baf6684dbf84b1a1a7d707af8c65c
